# BookTheBook
INFO 3306: Web Application Framework Group Project 

Introudction:
Book the Book! an online platform dedicated for International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM) community, which includes students from all level of study (undergraduate, postgraduate, etc.) to sell their unwanted books or to buy used book. In the current situation, there is no specific platform that serve such medium of business process. Most of the existing platforms are merged with other selling and buying business such as gadgets, furniture, and cloth. Moreover, by selling used university textbooks, students can easily look for specific book required for their learning process as the books are used before them by the seniors or other students. The searching process will no longer consume more time.

Objectives:
This Laravel web application development is designed to provide a platform or marketplace allowing business process among IIUM community to sell and buy unwanted or used (also known as secondhand) educational books. This project provides a digital environment (website) for customers to sell/buy to/from each other. Seller type of user submit the book and selling details through the website and relies on the website which provides catalog of available book for sale, so that the book can be easily displayed, and ordered by buyer. Seller and buyer can connect with each other with the information provided for further business transaction process (book collecting and cash on delivery).

This development aims to help IIUM students to sell books in a user-friendly platform and to provide an opportunity for the students to extend the use of the resources (particularly books) by selling the good-condition-books whenever they are no longer using them rather than throwing away or disposing them. Student can generate income as well. On the other side of buyer, this project designed to cater IIUM students to buy books at affordable and cheaper price which can save their money from buying the expensive one. Furthermore, it provides an online platform for the students to get involved with the e-commerce and business environment in selling and buying books in an easy and fast way.
